How do you plan on exhibiting professionalism at Techtonica? What would be different in a full-time engineering job setting?      
     I planned to show professionalism by promoting open and honest communication, aware of mistakes and addressing mistakes as soon as possible as well as seek a solution. Perform tasks at a high level of skill, inspires confidence in others, dress according to the company dress code of general clothing guidelines, and show up for work on time every day. 

What would you do if you just found out you are going to be an hour late tomorrow morning?     
     I will inform my boss and teammates know as soon as possible. I will also prepare materials the team may need to carry on the task while I am absent. 

What would you do if you realized that you only had time to finish most of your work by the due date of a group project?      
     I will do what I can and explain to my boss and teammates where I am in the project or what I am stuck on, and ask for help. I will also let them know that I will plan better next time. 

Knowing yourself, what are the most effective ways for you to learn and retain new information?      
     I am a visual learner and learn well by doing. Understand the picture of the outcome also help me plan the task better. 

What is growth mindset? 	
     Growth mindset is believing that everything can be improved through practice. see failure is a chance to learn and pivot, see critical feedback as the chance to enhance, embrace challenging task and work hard to improve it, view obstacles as a chance to experiment and solve problems, focus on a journey of continual, improvement, creative and innovate. 

Which operating system are you using right now? Name two other popular operating systems.      
     I am using a Macintosh Operating system (macOS). Microsoft Operating system and Linux Operating system are the other two of common operating system. 

Why do computers need operating systems?      
     We need operating systems to help manage computer resources such as central processing unit which control memory, disk drives, and peripherals. Computer operating system also helps establish a user interface and execute and provide services for applications software. 

Explain what you would do if you felt stuck on a coding problem.      
     First, I will try to recognize that I am stuck. Then read the problem several times until I can explain it to someone else, write it out in pseudocode, and do research. If I am still unable to solve the problem, I will ask for help. 

Describe the ways you plan on meeting and staying connected with new people in tech this month.      
     - pay attention and focus when someone is talking      
     - make a good first impression by holding yourself and be aware of your expressions, tone of voice, gestures, and make eye contact      
     - try to remember the name      
     - make myself memorable by having a story about myself and be willing to share thoughts, ideas, beliefs, and goals      
     - research about the person or the company and be open to learning      
     - show them I care by showing empathy and kindness 

Describe some examples of effective body language and what is communicated when they are used well.      
     - have an open and positive posture and use open hand gestures when speaking to people      
     - use a firm handshake      
     - maintain good eye contact to show that you are sincere and engaged, but don’t turn it into staring match       - avoid touching your face because it shows dishonest 

Describe some examples of effective word choice and what is communicated when they are used well.      
     Instead of saying “Sorry for being late. I missed the first train and the second one was a delay.” It is better to say “Sorry for being late. I will plan to leave home early next time.” 

How can you build trust in a team?      
     - be honest and explain your attention      
     - make your action match your words      
     - be open to feedback      
     - think before acting 

How are the devices on the internet physically connected to each other? 
     Computers connect and communicate with each other using TCP/IP 

How is information physically transmitted from device to device?      
     The information transmitted from device to device in either analog format or the digital format 

How does one device find another it’s trying to communicate with?      
     Devices find each other by a unique IP address 

What methods do devices on the internet use to communicate?      
     The devices on the internet use TCP/IP to communicate with each other using get and post request  

How can we send data reliably even if the network is unreliable?      
     We need to divide data into small chunks or packet and keep track of which packets have been received successfully. Then resend any that have been lost
